contents/12_se26.md, before:

---
permalink: /se26/
slug: SE
year: 2026 
---

# Workshop on Software Engineering for Cyber-Physical Production Systems (SECPPS)

12th Meeting of the SECPPS Community, 5th edition co-located with the SE conference

## About 
Software plays an essential part in the efficient operation of modern production systems. While variability and complexity represent key challenges for cyber-physical production systems,  software design in production systems is still a neglected topic. The SECPPS workshop series aims to promote modern software engineering solutions to the challenges of cyber-physical production systems and foster interdisciplinary discussion.

This workshop edition is co-located with [SE 2026](https://se2026.inf.unibe.ch/en/).

## Organizers

  * Sandra Greiner (University of Southern Denmark, DK)
  * Stefan Klikovits (JKU Linz, AT)



## Call for Abstract Submission

Next to invited talks, we accept abstracts for talks in the broad area of software engineering for cyber-physical production systems. Please send them to the organizers by mail

### Important Dates:

  * Workshop accepted:          09.09.2025
  * Invitation for Abstracts:   16.01.2026
  * Workshop:                   23. or 24.2.2026 in Bern


# Program and Registration

tba


## Contact

For any question or need of further information about the workshop, please do not hesitate to contact the workshop organizers:

[Sandra Greiner](mailto:greiner@imada.sdu.dk), [Stefan Klikovits](mailto:stefan.klikovits@jku.at)

Commit message:

add keynote and registration info to SE26

contents/12_se26.md, after:

---
permalink: /se26/
slug: SE
year: 2026 
---

# Workshop on Software Engineering for Cyber-Physical Production Systems (SECPPS)

12th Meeting of the SECPPS Community, 5th edition co-located with the SE conference

## About 
Software plays an essential part in the efficient operation of modern production systems. While variability and complexity represent key challenges for cyber-physical production systems,  software design in production systems is still a neglected topic. The SECPPS workshop series aims to promote modern software engineering solutions to the challenges of cyber-physical production systems and foster interdisciplinary discussion.

This workshop edition is co-located with [SE 2026](https://se2026.inf.unibe.ch/en/).

## Organizers

  * Sandra Greiner (University of Southern Denmark, DK)
  * Stefan Klikovits (JKU Linz, AT)





## Call for Abstract Submission

Next to invited talks, we accept abstracts for talks in the broad area of software engineering for cyber-physical production systems. Please send them to the organizers by mail

### Important Dates:

  * Workshop accepted:          09.09.2025
  * Invitation for Abstracts:   16.01.2026
  * Workshop:                   24.2.2026 in Bern


# Program

## 9:00-9:35 Opening and Keynote

- Sandra Greiner, Stefan Klikovits: Opening and overview
- Andreas Wortmann: Keynote

## 09:35-10:30 Talks & Discussions

- TBA

## 10:30-11:00 Coffee Break 

## 11:00-12:30 Talks & Discussions

- TBA

# Registration 

Registration information is available at the webpage of [SE2026 - Registration](https://se2026.inf.unibe.ch/en/attendance/registration/)

## Contact

For any question or need of further information about the workshop, please do not hesitate to contact the workshop organizers:

[Sandra Greiner](mailto:greiner@imada.sdu.dk), [Stefan Klikovits](mailto:stefan.klikovits@jku.at)
