---
permalink: /se26/
slug: SE
year: 2026 
---

# Workshop on Software Engineering for Cyber-Physical Production Systems (SECPPS)

12th Meeting of the SECPPS Community, 5th edition co-located with the SE conference

## About 
Software plays an essential part in the efficient operation of modern production systems. While variability and complexity represent key challenges for cyber-physical production systems,  software design in production systems is still a neglected topic. The SECPPS workshop series aims to promote modern software engineering solutions to the challenges of cyber-physical production systems and foster interdisciplinary discussion.

This workshop edition is co-located with [SE 2026](https://se2026.inf.unibe.ch/en/).

## Organizers

  * Sandra Greiner (University of Southern Denmark, DK)
  * Stefan Klikovits (JKU Linz, AT)





## Call for Abstract Submission

Next to invited talks, we accept abstracts for talks in the broad area of software engineering for cyber-physical production systems. Please send them to the organizers by mail

### Important Dates:

  * Workshop accepted:          09.09.2025
  * Invitation for Abstracts:   16.01.2026
  * Workshop:                   24.2.2026 in Bern


# Program

## 9:00-9:35 Opening and Keynote

- Sandra Greiner, Stefan Klikovits: Opening and overview
- Andreas Wortmann: Keynote

## 09:35-10:30 Talks & Discussions

- TBA

## 10:30-11:00 Coffee Break 

## 11:00-12:30 Talks & Discussions

- TBA

# Keynote: Models and AI in Software Engineering for Production

**Abstract:** Production is adopting model-driven software development and AI to improve abstraction and automation in software engineering. Challenges in this range from the design and implementation of digital twins, the standardized representation of asset information, the connection between both, and the use of AI to make software more sustainable. In this keynote, selected important topics for software engineering research and practice in industrial production will be highlighted and challenges raised to stimulate discussion and future research.

**Speaker:** Andreas Wortmann is a full professor and managing director of the Institute for Machine Tools and Manufacturing Units (ISW) of the University of Stuttgart. His main research interests are model-driven software and systems engineering, software language engineering, and digital twins. On these topics, he co-authored over 200 peer-reviewed international publications. Moreover, he serves on the editorial boards of SoSyM and JoT and on the program committees of various international conferences. Find out more at http://www.wortmann.ac.


# Registration 

Registration information is available at the webpage of [SE2026 - Registration](https://se2026.inf.unibe.ch/en/attendance/registration/)

## Contact

For any question or need of further information about the workshop, please do not hesitate to contact the workshop organizers:

[Sandra Greiner](mailto:greiner@imada.sdu.dk), [Stefan Klikovits](mailto:stefan.klikovits@jku.at)